---
title: Trading Book Privacy Policy
---
# Trading Book Privacy Policy Page
## Privacy Policy

Nishant Shaligram built the Trading Book app as an Ad Supported app. This SERVICE is provided by Nishant Shaligram at no cost and is intended for use as is.

This page is used to inform visitors regarding my policies with the collection, use, and disclosure of Personal Information if anyone decided to use my Service.

The app does not collect or use the data or any of your personal information. It only stores data submited by you on your phone offline database. If there are any changes made in app that has relevent effect in these features equivalent terms will be updated. If you choose to use my Service, you are agreed to the terms which are as described in this Privacy Policy.

The terms used in this Privacy Policy have the same meanings as in our Terms and Conditions, which is accessible at Trading Book unless otherwise defined in this Privacy Policy.

**Information Collection and Use**

For a better experience, while using our Service, I may require you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information, including but not limited to None. The information that I request will be retained on your device and is not collected by me in any way.

The app does use third party services that may collect information used to identify you.

Link to privacy policy of third party service providers used by the app

*   [Google Play Services](https://www.google.com/policies/privacy/)
*   [AdMob](https://support.google.com/admob/answer/6128543?hl=en)
*   [Firebase Analytics](https://firebase.google.com/policies/analytics)

**Cookies**

Cookies are files with a small amount of data that are commonly used as anonymous unique identifiers. These are sent to your browser from the websites that you visit and are stored on your device's internal memory.

This Service does not use these “cookies” explicitly. However, the app may use third party code and libraries that use “cookies” to collect information and improve their services. You have the option to either accept or refuse these cookies and know when a cookie is being sent to your device. If you choose to refuse our cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of this Service.S

**Security**

I value your trust, thus we are striving to use commercially acceptable means of protecting it. As the app has no relation to internet your all data is secured offline in your phone.

**Changes to This Privacy Policy**

I may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Thus, you are advised to review this page periodically for any changes. I will notify you of any changes by posting the new Privacy Policy on this page. These changes are effective immediately after they are posted on this page.

**Contact Us**

If you have any questions or suggestions about my Privacy Policy, do not hesitate to contact me at nishant.shaligram@gmail.com.

This privacy policy page was created at [privacypolicytemplate.net](https://privacypolicytemplate.net) and modified/generated by [App Privacy Policy Generator](https://app-privacy-policy-generator.firebaseapp.com/)